Updating docs to reflect ProteinPaint integration (#145)
stjudecloud/docs: docs/guides/genomics-platform/analyzing-data/rnaseq-expression-classification.md

## Interpreting Results

> Once the resulting analysis job completes, an HTML plot of the results should be available. The plot is generated with the [Protein Paint library](https://www.nature.com/articles/ng.3466). The plot can be zoomed arbitrarily and group labels can be turned on/off for manual inspection. User input samples will be displayed in black marks with a label on the graph as well as an entry in the legend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the resulting analysis job completes, an HTML plot of the results should be available. The plot is generated with the [ProteinPaint library](https://www.nature.com/articles/ng.3466). The plot can be zoomed arbitrarily and group labels can be turned on/off for manual inspection. User input samples will be displayed in black marks with a label on the graph as well as an entry in the legend.
```
